skills/sync-deployment/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: sync-deployment
description: Sync local ~/.github developments to repo root, commit, and push to GitHub.
---

# Sync-Deployment Skill

## Overview

This skill handles the deployment of developments from repo .github to the repository root, ensuring the workspace is updated, committed locally, and pushed to GitHub if tests pass.

## Purpose

- Copy developed folders (agents, chatmodes, instructions, prompts, skills) from repo .github to ~/luna-foundry.
- Commit changes locally.
- Test for issues; if OK, push to develop branch on github.com.

## Inputs

- Repo .github folder contents.
- Repo root path (default: ~/luna-foundry).
- Branch to push (default: develop).

## Process

1. Copy folders from repo .github to repo root.
2. Stage and commit changes locally.
3. Run basic tests (e.g., check for syntax errors).
4. If tests pass, push to GitHub develop branch.
5. If tests fail, abort push and notify.

## Outputs

- Updated repo with synced folders.
- Committed changes.
- Pushed to GitHub (if successful).

## Grok Integration

Use Grok for any validation or error checking. Temperature: 0.3 for precise operations.

## Next Phase

Deployment complete; ready for further development.

## Instructions

1. Invoke via @Luna: "@Luna, sync deployment to repo and push to develop."
2. Ensure ~/.github has the latest developments.
3. Manual fallback: Run .\scripts\Sync-Deployment.ps1.

## Examples

- Input: Local changes in ~/.github.
- Output: Repo updated and pushed.

## Learned Patterns

- Always test before push to avoid breaking main branch.

Commit message:

Update Sync-Deployment skill to Update-Local-Deployment: Correct process to copy from repo .github to root, merge to main, and push accordingly.

skills/sync-deployment/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: update-local-deployment
description: Update local deployment: Copy repo .github folders to repo root, commit, merge to main, and push to GitHub.
---

# Update-Local-Deployment Skill

## Overview

This skill handles updating the local deployment by copying developed folders from the repo's .github to the repository root, committing changes, merging to main, and pushing to GitHub.

## Purpose

- Copy developed folders (agents, chatmodes, instructions, prompts, skills, workflows) from repo .github to ~/luna-foundry.
- Commit changes locally.
- Merge develop into main.
- Push to main branch on GitHub.

## Inputs

- Repo .github folder contents.
- Repo root path (default: ~/luna-foundry).
- Branches to merge and push (develop to main).

## Process

1. Copy folders from repo .github to repo root.
2. Stage and commit changes locally.
3. Merge develop into main.
4. Push to GitHub main branch.

## Outputs

- Updated repo root with synced folders.
- Committed changes.
- Merged and pushed to GitHub main.

## Grok Integration

Use Grok for any validation or error checking. Temperature: 0.3 for precise operations.

## Next Phase

Deployment updated; ready for further development or testing.

## Instructions

1. Invoke via @Luna: "@Luna, update local deployment to repo and push to main."
2. Ensure repo .github has the latest developments.
3. Manual fallback: Run .\scripts\Update-Local-Deployment.ps1 (if script exists).

## Examples

- Input: Changes in repo .github.
- Output: Repo root updated, merged to main, and pushed.

## Learned Patterns

- Always merge to main after testing to maintain stability.
- Copy only necessary folders to avoid clutter.
